Initial Idea: ExchangeStudentApp
==================

New Name: uAbroad

The vision is to create a computer based system that can manage all the information related to an
exchange student that is planning to study in another country or already are studying abroad.  
The system can generated a great amount of clients that should buy store items related to the foreign university 
that they are studying, as the use of the advertisement at the website to earn more funds. 
The scope of this feasibility project is limited to the Exchange Student system complexity and information related as 
management of a list of universities enrolled with the system, groups of discussion between students and a chat that will
enable a real-time communication between the users.

Project Scope
This analysis is confined to the components below. Additional components will be explored based on the information obtained in this feasibility analysis. 
 	Product: The profitability and feasibility of managing all information that an Exchange Student would like to know before his trip to the foreign or during his exchange.
 	Market: The profitability of targeting exchange students, their relatives and interested community in exchange programs like University and tourism agencies.
 	Distribution Channel: The profitability of distributing through a based web-system with or without mobile applications.
 	Production: The profitability of maintaining the system working, maintaining of the data inserted by the users, advertisement on site manipulation and the constant updates according new necessities generated by the users.

Key Findings
Our industry and market analysis suggests that launching a system that will helps directly the exchange students has the potential to be profitable as there is a larger number of students interested in study abroad and analyzing the another side a considerable number of worldwide universities that want to show more their study abroad programs in a easily way. 
            Key findings are: 
 	Profitability: Advertisement inside the systems are the most commonly clicked and afterwards purchased by all kinds of people with different ages. The Universities that want to be showed on the list of universities inside this systems you be charged to pay $100 monthly to be registered and receive the services from the applications. Different levels of advertisement are applicable, for more advertisement the university will be more charged depending where wants to be searched and placed at the application. 
 	Target Market: All people interested in studying abroad or to know more about universities outside their own countries. Universities that want to share their information and application details globally. 	
Product Costs: Payment of the developers evolved to create the basis of the systems and put it over the web. Costs with software license (if applicable), most of the software used to create this could be find with free use. We also will focus on maintenance of the Web systems during it operation and Startup costs.

Overall Evaluation
Distributing through independently owned retail boutiques can be profitable, but small sales volumes limit the amount of profits.  High fixed costs for the company website add to the issue of low profits, since there are relatively few sales units to absorb fixed costs.  The owner of this software startup prefers to begin business on a small scale.  
The core aspects of the product such as the design of the website, architecture of the system will be at the development stage. The high level of risk of doesn’t having so many users and clients interested on this idea, combined with a small startup costs can support that this model can be feasible.

